Add cargo commands to the tutorial (#565)
tokio-rs/website: content/tokio/tutorial/io.md

To start, we will implement the echo logic using the [`io::copy`][copy] utility.

You can write up this code in a new binary file:

    touch src/bin/echo-server-copy.rs

That you can launch (or just check the compilation) with:

    cargo run --bin echo-server-copy

> (We won't really try out the server, but feel free to build your own little client using
> [tokio::net::TcpStream example](https://docs.rs/tokio/1.4.0/tokio/net/struct.TcpStream.html#examples)
> with the proper socket address.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will be able to try the server using a standard command-line tool such as `telnet`, or by writing
a simple client like the one found in the documentation for [`tokio::net::TcpStream`][tcp_example].

[tcp_example]: https://docs.rs/tokio/1/tokio/net/struct.TcpStream.html#examples
```
